Alt text and other cleanups (#241)
carpentries-incubator/better-research-software: episodes/03-reproducible-dev-environment.md

dependency by different projects on your machine independently from one another.

We can visualise the use of virtual environments for different Python projects on the same machine as follows:

> ![Diagram to depict different Python environments containing different packages on the same machine](fig/virtual-env.png){alt='Diagram to depict different Python environments containing different packages on the same machine'}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Diagram to depict different Python environments containing different packages on the same machine](fig/virtual-env.png){alt='A single system might contain multiple virtual environments, each containing a different version of Python and the set of third-party libraries it needs (dependencies) e.g. NumPy, Pandas or Matplotlib. Each environment contains its own complete copy of the required version of each dependency.'}
```
